03-the-internet-and-web-development/02-languages-for-web-development/01-html/04-html-elements.md, before:

# HTML Elements

HTML tags are the "markup" for HTML.  They are annotations that provide information about the type of content they contain.  Lets take a closer look at the syntax of how HTML tags surround contnt to create an HTML element. 

The table below shows how an HTML element is structured.

| **Opening Tag** | **Content** | **Closing Tag** |
|:---------------:|:-----------:|:---------------:|
| **<p>**             | Hello World |            **</p>** |

It is also possible to see an example on the right of [the lesson](https://www.codecademy.com/paths/front-end-engineer-career-path/tracks/fecp-22-overview-of-web-development/modules/wdcp-22-the-internet-and-web-development/lessons/web-dev-lang/exercises/html-elements) on Codecademy.

## Parts of An HTML Element

Now lets review each part of the element shown above.

* **HTML Element** - a unit of content in an HTML document formed by HTML tags and the text or media it contains
* **Opening Tag** - the elemet name used to start an HTML element.  The tag type is surrounded by opening and closing angle brackets
* **Content** - the information (text or other elements) contained between the opening and closing tags of an HTML element
* **Closing Tag** - the second HTML tag used to end an HTML element.  Closing tags have a forward slash [/] inside of them, directly after the left angle bracket. 

# Questions

**(Q)**: What other tipes of HTML elements are there?

**(A)**: There are many different kinds of HTML elements, which can contain different types of content.

Elements typically contain text, but you can also create elements that hold tabular data, using the <table> element.

You can also create forms using the <form> element, to create input fields that users must fill out and submit. You can even create buttons using the <button> tag that users click to submit these forms.

HTML elements can also contain multimedia such as images, videos, or audio, using the <img>, <video>, and <audio> tags respectively.

## Community Forums

It is possible to find more questions and answers, and learn more about HTML elements on the [Codecademy Community Forums](https://discuss.codecademy.com/t/faq-languages-for-web-development-html-elements/372093) for this lesson.

Commit message:

added quotes for force tags to appear

03-the-internet-and-web-development/02-languages-for-web-development/01-html/04-html-elements.md, after:

# HTML Elements

HTML tags are the "markup" for HTML.  They are annotations that provide information about the type of content they contain.  Lets take a closer look at the syntax of how HTML tags surround contnt to create an HTML element. 

The table below shows how an HTML element is structured.

| **Opening Tag** | **Content** | **Closing Tag** |
|:---------------:|:-----------:|:---------------:|
| "<p>"           | Hello World |          "</p>" |

***quotation marks are not used when writing html - they have veen used in this case to force the opening and closing tags to appear.***

It is also possible to see an example on the right of [the lesson](https://www.codecademy.com/paths/front-end-engineer-career-path/tracks/fecp-22-overview-of-web-development/modules/wdcp-22-the-internet-and-web-development/lessons/web-dev-lang/exercises/html-elements) on Codecademy.

## Parts of An HTML Element

Now lets review each part of the element shown above.

* **HTML Element** - a unit of content in an HTML document formed by HTML tags and the text or media it contains
* **Opening Tag** - the elemet name used to start an HTML element.  The tag type is surrounded by opening and closing angle brackets
* **Content** - the information (text or other elements) contained between the opening and closing tags of an HTML element
* **Closing Tag** - the second HTML tag used to end an HTML element.  Closing tags have a forward slash [/] inside of them, directly after the left angle bracket. 

# Questions

**(Q)**: What other tipes of HTML elements are there?

**(A)**: There are many different kinds of HTML elements, which can contain different types of content.

Elements typically contain text, but you can also create elements that hold tabular data, using the <table> element.

You can also create forms using the <form> element, to create input fields that users must fill out and submit. You can even create buttons using the <button> tag that users click to submit these forms.

HTML elements can also contain multimedia such as images, videos, or audio, using the <img>, <video>, and <audio> tags respectively.

## Community Forums

It is possible to find more questions and answers, and learn more about HTML elements on the [Codecademy Community Forums](https://discuss.codecademy.com/t/faq-languages-for-web-development-html-elements/372093) for this lesson.
