# Web 2.0

Now that I have covered some of the basics of how the internet works, I should check out some trends that are fundamental to the emergence of modern web development and modern JavaScript.

## The Earliest Websites

The earliest websites were static and composed of text, images, and links, with very little interactivity beyond browsing from one page to another.  These websites are called *static*, which means lacking in movement because they do not change based on user behaviour.  As internet connection speeds and web technologies progressed, more complex interactions became possible on the web.

A collection of advances in the early 2000s created a cluster of web applications that are often called "Web 2.0".  In comparison to the early static websites, Web 2.0 applications re often defined by:

* Providing a dynamic user experience by offeering content that responds to user input without forcing the page to reload.  In the early web, user input would typically take the user to a new page - and they would have to wait for the new page to load.  In Web 2.0, websites could just updated selected regions of the age, avoiding the interruption caused by reloading
* Emphasising user-generated content and social sharing.  In the early web, content was generally authored by a single source.  The rise of blogging, social media, and wikis in web 2.0 meant that users could generate content and share it with their friends.

## Important Technical Advances

There were important technical advnaces that enabled each of these advances in the user interface of the internet.  For example:

* JQuery wa the first JavaScript framework that could fetch data while the web page is running
* The rise of web frameworks that connected to databases, like Spring, Django, and Ruby-on-Rails, enabled user-generated content to effectivly be created, stored, and displayed. 

## Differences Between Static and Web 2.0

On the right side of the screen of [this lesson](https://www.codecademy.com/paths/front-end-engineer-career-path/tracks/fecp-22-overview-of-web-development/modules/wdcp-22-the-internet-and-web-development/lessons/what-is-the-internet/exercises/web-2-0) it is possibel tosee an example of the differences between the static web and web 2.0

SOme of the differences in Web 2.0 displayed in the above image are:

* Interactive - you can like and comment on the page
* Dynamic - the time since posting is (currently "12 hrs") updates without reloading the whole pagehttps://discuss.codecademy.com/t/372077
* ALlows social interaction - a lot of friends liked the image!

# More Help and Advice

More help and advice, as well as answers to further questions can be found in the exercises thread on the [Codecademy Forums](https://discuss.codecademy.com/t/372077)